lf the 'giaddr' field in a DHCP message from a client is non-zero,
   the server sends any return messages to the 'DHCP server' port on the
   BOOTP relay agent whose address appears in 'giaddr'. If the 'giaddr'
   field is zero and the 'ciaddr' field is nonzero, then the server
   unicasts DHCPOFFER and DHCPACK messages to the address in 'ciaddr'.
   If 'giaddr' is zero and 'ciaddr' is zero, and the broadcast bit is
   set, then the server broadcasts DHCPOFFER and DHCPACK messages to
   0xffffffff. If the broadcast bit is not set and 'giaddr' is zero and
   'ciaddr' is zero, then the server unicasts DHCPOFFER and DHCPACK
   messages to the client's hardware address and 'yiaddr' address.  In
   all cases, when 'giaddr' is zero, the server broadcasts any DHCPNAK
   messages to 0xffffffff.




Client IP address; filled in by client in DHCPREQUEST if verifying previously allocated configuration parameters.




 server or relay agent sending or relaying a DHCP message directly
   to a DHCP client (i.e., not to a relay agent specified in the
   'giaddr' field) SHOULD examine the BROADCAST bit in the 'flags'
   field.  If this bit is set to 1, the DHCP message SHOULD be sent as
   an IP broadcast using an IP broadcast address (preferably 0xffffffff)
   as the IP destination address and the link-layer broadcast address as
   the link-layer destination address.  If the BROADCAST bit is cleared
   to 0, the message SHOULD be sent as an IP unicast to the IP address
   specified in the 'yiaddr' field and the link-layer address specified
   in the 'chaddr' field.  If unicasting is not possible, the message
   MAY be sent as an IP broadcast using an IP broadcast address
   (preferably 0xffffffff) as the IP destination address and the link-
   layer broadcast address as the link-layer destination address.

      'server identifier' MUST NOT be filled in, 'requested IP address'
      option MUST be filled in with client's notion of its previously
      assigned address. 'ciaddr' MUST be zero. The client is seeking to
      verify a previously allocated, cached configuration. Server SHOULD
      send a DHCPNAK message to the client if the 'requested IP address'
      is incorrect, or is on the wrong network.